I am God
It's still packed, hahahaha, Zhou Xiao, Zhou Xiao
Why didn't I notice it before?
Why are you so thick-skinned?
Just you and God
This guy is my previous simp.
A skewer waste
It's not a god at all
Mr. Du
Why don't you just kick this guy out?
In case he collides with the Lord God and tears
What can we do?
security guard
Kick him out
This kid sneaked in
What to see what to see
Get out of here or don't blame us for being rude to you
Stop
What are you doing?
Stop it
Don't you know what this place is?
What does it look like to be noisy and laugh?
Ouch, Miss Bai
I'm really sorry.
This kid is making trouble
Accidentally disturbing you
I'm so sorry.
It is. It is.
Miss Bai, you don't know
Spreading a skewer of waste
How dare you appear Lord God
But it doesn't matter.
Miss Bai, I'll have someone kick him out right away
It will never be a coincidence to the banquet
This kid was so arrogant just now.
We can't just let Miss Bai go easily
He just said that he is the Lord God
Lord Che
Just him
Miss Bai, you can leave this to us.
It will definitely be done properly for you.
Come, don't rush out
Miss Bai, are you going to drive away your fiancé?
Presumptuous Zhou Xiu, where did you get your face?
How dare you say that you are Miss Bai's fiancé?
Miss Bai's fiancé is Ding
The famous Lord God
How old are you?
He is the Lord God